Hey!
A girl at my door
most of the income here
either comes from catching octopus,
or from farming oysters and fish.
Mendnets, or mend the
tools needed for fishing,
that sort of thing.
Uh, who do we have here?
I told that woman not to ride
her bike on the main road!
Mrs. jum-soon,
I told you not to ride that thing!
Or at least ride it sober.
Why don't you listen?
Buy me a bottle of rice wine
if you're gonna lecture me!
Dammit!
Who's this?
Is that your new bride?
Lucky you!
Have fun tonight!
Don't ride that thing,
it's dangerous!
See ya!
Damn, that was fast.
He told me he was gonna pick
them up.
Hey!
Why so loud?
You coming later?
We'll see.
Hey, tell your mother
to stop riding that thing!
You kidding me? I'm surprised
she doesn't sleep with it.
God, she's stubborn.
Oh, this is our new station chief.
Say hello.
She's a pretty one.
Sexy girl, you know?
Huh? Bastard, watch your mouth.
Bye!
Those guys in the car
they're mostly southeast Asian
or Korean-Chinese.
They're the only ones
who'll work here.
It's a big problem.
The only people left in this village
are senior citizens.
Park yong-ha. He's the only
one in town... young man.
I set out the basics for you. If you
need anything else, let me know.
I'll be fine.
Sorry to trouble you on
such short notice.
It's no trouble!
You'd be done faster if we helped.
It's okay. That's everything there.
They sell bottled water here, too.
I'll take that.
It's a bit heavy.
Don't look down on us
'cause you're from Seoul.
We have everything here!
Except for what we don't have...
Listen to you.
I'm getting tired of this,
you little bitch.
You act like a fucking whore.
Don't you avoid me!
Hey!
What are you doing there?
What the fuck?
This brat was supposed to give me
something, but she won't.
What is it you want so badly that
you all have to gang up on her?
What school do you go to?
One more time, and
I'll bash your head in with this.
What school?
It's the middle school
down the road, right?
Fuck!
You go to the same
school as them?
Why'd they do this to you?
What's your name?
It's dohee. Sun dohee.
Now I know your name,
I can find them too.
If they bother you again, tell them the
police will come and get them, okay?
Don't be half-assed, do it in red.
Here they are.
They sure are.
The beauty salon's going to
make some cash today.
That's right!
Shave their heads
nice and smooth.
Hello.
What do they eat that makes
them so black?
Girls, hurry up
and get ready for tonight!
Our chief is coming, so we
need time to prepare properly.
Right, chief?
Look at her laugh.
I hope he doesn't get drunk
off his ass tonight.
Hey, it's chief's turn now!
The verse is about to start.
Maybe chief wants to do
a different song.
Hurry and come up here!
This song's already started.
She's an absolute killer
I'm so attractive
and loved by many
but I picked her out of the crowd
you're so beautiful
you're so sexy
You can't throw away
bottles here.
I'll clean them all up.
Come over here, you little bitch!
What the fuck?
Are you okay?
Who the fuck are you?
Get away from my son!
Don't hurt him!
Who the hell are you?
- Leave my boy alone.
- Hey!
Leave my son alone
- come here and get my cell phone.
- Leave my son alone!
It's in my pants pocket.
Leave him alone.
You're killing him!
Press 1 and hold it.
You're hurting my boy.
Hold it up to my ear.
This is Lee young-nam.
Send a patrol car.
I'm at park yong-ha's house.
Hey. Wake up already.
Hey!
Get up.
You think this is your home?
Shit!
What's with you?
This isn't your living room.
- Shit.
- Don't act like...
I can't believe this.
Why'd you get so drunk?
You're lucky that
chief went easy on you,
otherwise you'd have gone
straight to prison.
Why did you beat your child?
Who did?
When?
Don't beat your kid.
Child abuse by parents is a crime. Last
night, you were caught in the act.
What the fuck.
I can't discipline my
own daughter?
How dare you speak
to the chief that way?
Go, you've been warned.
- Hey.
- Get out of here.
Leave.
Get out.
Give me a ride. You brought
me here, so take me back.
Take me back.
Take him.
That girl isn't
yong-ha's real daughter.
But he's been raising her
and sending her to school.
He drinks every so often
and gets a bit deranged.
But he takes care of
everything around town.
This town would not run
properly without him.
So we should allow him
to abuse his child?
That's not what I'm saying.
Alcohol is the problem.
Sun dohee!
Come over here.
How often does your father
hit you like that?
Are you mute?
Why don't you talk?
You can't let him beat you
that way.
He doesn't hit me
when he doesn't drink.
- Dohee.
- Yes?
When an adult hits a child,
it's a very bad thing.
If someone beats you that hard,
you need to tell someone, okay?
Miss...
Is it okay if I try the hat on?
Salute!
If you're gonna do it,
do it right. Like this.
You fucking little bitch! How
dare you stand there blabbering?
Come here, you filthy mutt.
Damn bitch.
Stop right there!
You no good fucking bitch,
got no respect.
Stop babbling, you fucker!
Bitch!
You dirty little bitch.
Did you know the alumni association
was called because of you?
Investigations have been started,
a lot of people are in hot water.
I'm sorry.
This won't end just because
you say sorry and get relocated.
Anyway, watch yourself
in shallower waters.
It's easier to be scrutinized
in a small town.
Word travels fast, got it?
Happens again, no one can look after you.
Be careful.
Get your act together.
Inspector Lee young-nam is here.
Lee young-nam, sir.
Sit down.
With your help,
I was safely reassigned.
Sure. It's been 10 days?
Yes, sir.
I don't have any bias in that area.
I don't want to make a fuss over
someone's personal affair.
But we are part of a community.
We shouldn't do things
that we know will cause trouble.
We have the school's
reputation to uphold.
If you lay low for about a year,
you should be able to return.
Thank you.
All right.
Take good care of yourself.
Thank you.
Chief Lee, come here
and have a drink with us!
Come on, we're roasting fish here!
It's windy today. Come and play!
Dohee, come here!
Hey!
What're you doing out
in the middle of the night?
Hey, when your father
talks to you...
That little shit.
Huh? Isn't that the chief?
She's been following
the chief around lately.
She's clingy, like her mother.
Why do you keep following me?
You got something to say?
Then what's wrong?
Get on.
Hold on tight,
I'm going to go really fast.
What were you doing there
this morning?
I thought you were gonna
drown yourself in the sea.
I was practicing dance.
Go home. Don't roam around
at night. It's dangerous.
What's wrong?
Can I go with you?
Get inside.
You fucking bitch.
Where the fuck were you?
Stupid mutt. Acting like
a mutt, just like her mom.
Eun-jung
What happened?
Yes?
What?
The body of an old woman?
A motorcycle?
I'll be right there.
I was called to the scene
at 04:40 hours.
I'll need a crime scene investigator.
Please alert the fire department.
It's a death.
It looks like an accidental death.
First, find park yong-ha.
Yes, ma'am.
Do you know what happened?
What did you see?
Dad chased me.
Dad beat me so I ran away.
And grandma chased me.
Then she fell into the sea.
I ran away to avoid
getting beat up.
You saw her fall in the sea?
Dad beat me.
So I ran, and grandma chased me.
Said she'll kill me.
Were you here with your grandma?
Did you...
Did you do something?
Dad beat me.
I ran so not to get hit.
You told me not to
let him beat me.
But when grandma got on the bike
to get me, she fell in the sea.
I was so scared of the sea.
Okay. It's all right.
It's yong-ha.
What took you so long?
Mom.
Dammit.
You fucking bitch!
That bitch attacked me yesterday.
She had wild eyes!
I heard you left home,
and your mother too.
The girl came to my house
after her father beat her.
Why blame the girl
when you were out drinking?
I saw her acting up before I left!
She ran to the chief scared for
her life, after you beat her.
You're not making sense!
From what I see,
alcohol is the problem.
What shall we do?
Take her to the morgue?
We don't know how she died.
We need... what you call it!
Autopsy. We need an autopsy.
Do you even know what
an autopsy is?
They cut her open,
and take out all of her organs.
Do it!
Damn.
Everyone, clear out now.
- Mom!
- Everyone go home.
She was heavily intoxicated with a
blood alcohol content of 0.2%.
And she was in the early stages
of Alzheimer's disease.
We believe she shouldn't
have been operating a vehicle.
We find the cause of death
to be drowning
as a result of careless driving.
Sign here with your thumbprint.
Does the girl need to sign too?
Come over here, sweetie.
Wipe your thumb.
You sign here too.
Go sit over there.
What do you want to do
with the bike?
I'll take it.
It's useless now
that it fell in the sea.
Don't touch it!
This isn't working.
Come with me.
That son of a bitch.
Can we...
Just stay here?
Okay, first take a hot shower.
When is your mom coming?
Why did she leave you here?
She won't come back this time.
I knew it the day she left.
I saw her leave with her luggage
in the middle of the night.
I made eye contact with her, but
she told me to go back to sleep.
Until then, she'd tell me to get
dressed when I asked to come along.
Do you think you get beaten
because of your mother?
My own mother abandoned me.
Do you want to stay here
for a while?
Really?
Can I really stay with you?
Get some sleep for now.
What about you?
I'll sleep in the living room.
Why?
I like sleeping alone.
Okay.
What're you doing?
Chief, I'm hungry.
Okay.
I want to wear this too.
Even the smallest size would be
too big for you.
- This one's pretty too.
- I don't like it.
This is awesome.
Take out your cell phone.
Hold down number 1.
Number 2 is the police station.
If I don't pick up,
call the station.
If your dad tries to hit you again,
run and call me, okay?
Okay.
Look!
Good job.
Now come and eat.
Where did you learn
to sing and dance?
I just picked it up while watching TV.
I'm great at imitating.
What else can you do?
Once upon a time,
there lived a little mermaid.
Under water, she had fins for
legs and a pretty torso.
Her body truly had a twist ending.
The fast dolphin is sleek.
I'll rip you to pieces!
Nice. You sound exactly the same
let's eat.
How's the food?
Excuse me.
A day has passed, and my kid
doesn't even think of coming home.
The people in town said
she'd be here.
I know it's late, but I had to come.
Hi baby, you were here?
Can't you even say
hello to your father, bitch?
Why do you hit your child?
Who? Who hit his child?
You may not know,
but that girl has problems.
When she can't control her own anger,
she bashes her head into things.
Just like her mother.
Go on and tell her.
- Mr. park.
- What?
Don't take this so lightly.
I've warned
you several times already.
Okay, so I got a little drunk
and that... did that thing before.
Since your mother passed, and
I understand you're upset.
Yes, that's why I had a
drink just now.
I'll keep dohee during
the vacation.
After you get yourself together,
you can come and get her.
Okay, if you insist.
If that's what you want.
Please go.
Hey.
Now you better behave and
do as chief tells you.
Bye.
What is it?
I have to pee.
Come in.
It's all right, I won't look.
Can I go in there too?
So warm!
Can I drink some of this?
You're too young!
Have a taste.
Why do you drink?
To sleep.
You can't sleep?
No.
Why not?
I don't know.
However much I get beaten, if I dance
it off, I feel better and can sleep.
Should I teach you?
I'll just watch you dance.
Grandma hated it.
"Acting like a mutt,
just like her mom!”
It's all right.
You told me if I did nothing wrong,
I shouldn't get beaten.
I was just trying
not to get beat up.
It's so cold!
Chief, it is you!
It's funny seeing you here.
Hello.
- The water is so cold
- Isn't this yong-ha's daughter?
Did you come here to
hang out with the chief?
I'm here to see chief
Lee young-nam.
I'm going out...
No, I'm taking the day off.
Please wrap things up for me.
Yes, ma'am.
You're home early!
You're here?
Hi.
Lock the door, okay?
When are you coming back?
Where are you going?
I'll be back late.
Don't wait up.
Didn't know you'd be
in a place like this.
You cut your hair.
It looks tacky.
Did you have to do this?
Did you have to come so far?
I'm sorry.
Why don't you pick up?
It keeps ringing.
Hey.
I'll be home later. Go to bed.
Who is that kid?
She's from the neighborhood.
I'm looking after her for now.
Why don't you eat?
You said you're hungry.
You used to say alcohol is bitter
when you drink alone.
Can't we start over?
Should I move down here?
I'm moving to Australia.
Good for you.
You always wanted to go.
Did I say I wanted to go alone?
You're always like this.
You get hurt a bit,
and then run away.
You're drunk. Sleep over.
You're the one who's drunk.
You're always drunk.
You can't even sleep
without drinking.
Why do you still drink so much?
Why do you care?
You're going to Australia.
Over here!
Sorry to call you out this late.
No worries!
I wasn't sleeping.
My friend is a bit drunk. Can you
drive her to the inn down the road?
Yes, ma'am.
What's wrong with you?
What are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
I need a beating.
I didn't behave.
Are you crazy?
Did you do this to yourself?
You don't beat me.
If you're mad,
you can just beat me.
I'm not mad. Stop, I'm not mad.
Don't do this!
That boy is gone mad.
He's throwing off
all the seed oysters.
That fucker has lost it.
He's been complaining lately.
- That bastard.
- Just calm down.
What's the matter?
Tell me.
Please send me home.
I don't need money.
Please let me go.
I have to go now.
Please send me home.
My mom is very sick.
Send you home?
Is someone stopping you?
Are you an illegal immigrant?
Mr. park.
You're aware that hiring
illegals and skimping on wages
is in violation of the law?
What did I do to deserve this, huh?
Only thing I did was work my ass
off to make this town prosperous.
Why didn't you allow your worker
to leave and see his sick mother?
This is nuts.
It's not so simple, you know?
If I send him home, the rest will
line up with their own requests.
- So I suggest...
- Mr. park.
You know what a broker is?
A broker is as liable as the owner,
and both will be punished.
A low-grade broker like you
will get even harsher punishment.
Oh fuck!
Who the hell are you accusing?
I don't know how many times
I've warned you.
Listen carefully.
Pay off the wages you owe
and send him home immediately.
Otherwise, the police and immigration
will pursue this together.
If you've understood, then leave.
You're really out to get me.
Now, I'm getting eager to
talk as well.
I saw you doing something at night
with that woman from Seoul.
I wish the fuck someone
would ask me what I saw.
What the hell are you
talking about?
When she lets you go, then leave.
Wait, I wasn't the only one.
Bakeem saw it too.
Get out of here.
So don't take me so lightly!
- I told you to leave!
- Go.
Where have you been this late?
Do you know what time it is?
School starts tomorrow.
I went home to get my uniform.
School starts tomorrow?
I think I've gained weight.
Let me see.
You've grown taller
too, sun dohee.
You smell like alcohol.
- Dohee.
- Yeah?
Vacation is over.
Go back home.
I brought my clothes here.
I met my dad.
He tried to hit me again,
so I ran back here.
Dohee.
I'm not your mother.
I'll find your mother.
No!
I'm sorry.
From now on, I'll be obedient, and I
won't throw my clothes everywhere.
I won't eat with my bare hands.
Can you forgive me?
I don't need a mom.
I don't need anyone.
I just need you.
It's done.
Let's buy your summer uniform
for next year too.
Wow, it's hot.
Trimming some veggies?
We're here.
It's hot.
It's so hot.
Let's just do our nails.
Whatever happened to
our quiet town?
That bakeem or whatever...
Crazy bastard's got a bad temper.
He looks like some kind of
beast, too.
Words won't persuade him.
I don't think holding him up
will be enough,
since the rest of the workers
are all riled up too.
It's so hard to find help.
There. You happy?
Let's go.
- They have the same haircut
- Oh my god!
Go in. Hurry.
I'll behave. I'll do anything.
So please...
Where's that man from India?
Bakeem?
He's not here.
He went back home?
So you were kicked out at last!
Woman keep you around
for months on end?
Even your own mom abandoned you.
What's this?
What's this? Let me see.
Let me see.
I guess she's telling you to
take this and fuck off.
No!
Now that I see you,
you've grown a bit.
You're looking a bit
like a girl now.
Did the two of you do anything?
That woman from Seoul
was supposedly her lover.
She was kicked out because
of trouble with girl on girl love.
Girls doing things with girls.
Do you even know what that is?
They're those kinds of bitches.
Tell me the truth.
You two did something, huh?
She took you to do
those things to you, right?
No!
Hey.
What's wrong with you?
Are you gonna go to that woman?
Is that why you bought
me clothes?
So you can go back
to that woman?
Come inside.
Hello!
I thought something weird
was going on here,
but this is some shit.
What are you talking about?
Did I startle you?
You thought no one knew?
You take all the sweetness
of a little girl.
Now that she's all grown up,
you lost interest?
What did you say to him?
What did you tell him?
You two do whatever you want.
I'm back.
Damn, it's hot.
Captain eom! Come quickly.
Hurry, let's go.
What's the matter?
Fuck.
That fucker bakeem
is trashing the office.
Let's go. Contact the station.
We can probably handle
it ourselves.
Hurry.
I'm on it.
You fucking bastard.
How dare you trash this place?
You crazy asshole.
Motherfucker.
What are you looking at, fuckers?
You want to die, assholes?
Fucker.
Motherfucker.
Look at me.
Hey!
That's enough. Chief is here.
This fucker doesn't
know his place.
Stop it!
What? What are they doing?
- Arrest them both.
- Yes, ma'am.
What're you doing?
- Just come quietly.
- What're you doing?
Let's go.
He started this commotion.
Why are you arresting me?
Let's go.
Call my boss. Call Mr. choi.
We went to escort him too.
Fuck.
You think I'll go quietly?
Calm down and let's go.
Why the fuck are you taking me?
He's the one who started it.
What're we going to do now?
This summer's hard
enough as it is.
You stop the workers from working,
and now you arrest yong-ha.
Station chief or whatever,
she pulls rank
and sticks her nose in everything.
- You said it.
- Stop it now.
Get on out of here.
Go.
Are you hungry?
Let's go.
Now that school's in session,
do kids still bother you?
They're afraid of you,
so they leave me alone.
Do you hang out with them?
They're no fun anyway.
You have to come with us.
Yong-ha reported
you to the police.
For sexual molestation of a minor.
I don't know what's going on.
All right,
I'll follow you in a moment.
You have to come now.
This is a warrantless arrest.
Why'd you keep her at your house
instead of sending her home?
That day too,
she got beat up by her father and
came to me battered and bruised.
It was best to keep her away
from that man.
I understand the initial situation.
But afterwards too,
you kept her around,
even though she has her own
family and home.
Understand?
What did you do during that time?
What do you mean by that?
You know this person?
You stayed at her place
for a month, right?
Was she nice to you?
Did she adore you?
Yes.
What I'm asking is,
why'd you take in
a girl who has a family?
It seems pretty abnormal.
That girl has been exposed to
violence since she was very young.
She was conditioned to violence
and was in a perilous state.
That's why I believed she needed
special protection.
According to her father,
the girl's behavior
toward you was not normal.
It's true that she likes me.
But the reason is...
Because I wear a police uniform,
and I confront bad men,
and look powerful.
That's all.
Was there any physical contact
while she stayed with you?
Was there physical contact?
What contact?
What are you talking about?
Did you take the girl's clothes off
and touch her?
Did the chief say you're pretty
and touch you?
My body?
Yes.
What about the first night
you slept over?
We took a bath.
She took off your clothes
and washed you?
No, we bathed together.
Can you show me where
she touched you?
L...
I had no abnormal intentions making
physical contact with that child.
Did you take off her clothes
and touch her or not?
I did.
I took her clothes off and
saw the bruises from beating.
And I bathed her.
The bruises seemed so painful
that I even hugged her.
Is there something
wrong with that?
It becomes a problem
when a homosexual does it.
You're a homosexual, aren't you?
Here from Seoul because of
a similar problem, right?
Correct?
If it's not true, answer me.
Why can't you talk?
I'm not going to answer
that question.
Because I'm not obligated to do so.
Sure, but it's your loss.
All I did was to take care of a girl
with a history of abuse.
I thought it was my duty to
protect her.
That's all.
Point out
where the chief touched you.
Did she ever hit
you when you refused?
The chief...
She touched me because
she adored me.
I liked her,
so I hugged and kissed her.
Chief!
Let me go!
- Chief, let me go with you!
- Bring her out!
Let me go!
Chief!
- Let me go with her!
- Calm down!
I don't get it. How could you
do that to a little girl?
Has it been a fucking month
since I said to be careful?
Are you sick or something?
Jun-ho.
Sorry to bother you.
Can you take these off for me?
Uncuff her.
What about chief?
Didn't you see her at the station?
I saw her.
She's not coming back for a while.
Why not?
If she really did those
things to you,
she has to be punished.
She'll be sent to prison.
What about dad?
Your father settled with bakeem.
He'll be home sometime today.
You have a cell phone?
Let me see it.
From now on,
if your dad hits you again.
Call this number.
You ever poured liquor before?
You're pretty good at it.
Girl.
You need to take care
of your body from an early age.
Or you're going to fuck up
your life like your mother.
You fell hard for that
perverted bitch.
Throwing yourself at her like that.
Girl.
What?
Fucking retard, acting like a fool.
What did you say, bitch?
Are you copying your mom?
Hit me.
Only thing you're good at
is beating women, right?
Must be out of your fucking mind.
You crazy bitch.
You've been acting weird all day.
Why're you acting like your mom,
you fucking bitch?
Dad, I'm sorry.
It hurts so much.
What?
It hurts.
What did you just say, bitch?
Please.
I'll do anything you want.
What the fuck did you say, bitch?
Fucking bitch!
Shut up.
You'd better shut up, bitch!
You'd better shut up.
Policeman Kwon
shut up, bitch!
Park yong-ha!
Freeze, bastard!
What the fuck?
- Hurry and go.
- Okay.
- Get up, asshole.
- Get up!
Get out.
What're you doing?
Go.
Fucking bitch!
- Fucking hell.
- Goin.
Come here, fucker.
- Let me use the bathroom.
- Okay.
Stay still, bastard.
- Take it easy. Fuck.
- Goin.
You! Fucking mutt!
Fucking bitch!
You fucking bitch!
Fucking bitches.
Fucking bitches!
You filthy bitches!
You remember coming
here last time?
Let me ask a couple
more questions.
So you're saying that your father
told you what to say last time?
Yes.
How?
Do you remember what he said?
He told me to say that chief wanted
to take me to live with her,
and to sleep with me every day.
So,
when you said chief touched you
and bathed you,
that was what your dad
told you to say?
Yes.
What else did your father say?
He told me to never talk
about him beating me.
To never talk about
things like yesterday.
That he'd kill me and throw me
in the sea.
He said if he dumped me far out,
no one will know.
It's as you said.
After her mother left,
her father continued to beat her.
If she wasn't obedient while he
sexually abused her, he'd beat her.
Is that what the girl said?
She spoke out quite well.
She said she went to your house
to hide from her father.
I owe you an apology.
I don't know what to say.
What happens to the child?
If the mom doesn't show up, we'll have
to send her to protective custody.
Check underneath the desk.
Hey.
Escort the chief back to her place.
We'll take care of your things
and send it to you.
Or we can send it directly
to where you get transferred.
Thank you for all your hard work.
Soon-oh.
Yes, ma'am.
What happened that night?
What's the matter?
Is something wrong?
You caught Mr. park in the act.
How was that possible?
I gave her my number.
She called me that night.
She must've dialed in a hurry.
She didn't say anything.
But I heard her father breathing
and cursing, and the girl crying.
I could tell what was going on.
So I called it in
and rushed to the scene.
It's crazy that a father has been
doing that to his daughter.
Dohee.
Did you do it?
Did you do that to
him on purpose?
What about your grandma?
What about grandma?
You don't ever have to
worry about him again.
He won't be able
to see you again.
I have to go.
Eat well and don't miss school.
It's dangerous so don't roam
around at night, okay?
I don't know if
it's appropriate to say this.
I feel bad for dohee,
but I don't get a good feeling
about her.
Maybe because her mother ran
away and she was abused.
She's different from other kids.
I can't figure her out.
She doesn't seem like a child.
Sometimes, she seems
like a little monster.
Sorry, I'm in no position
to speak on this matter.
Can you stop the car?
What's wrong?
I forgot something.
I need to get out here.
Will you go with me?